[Applause]
it's all bloody Odafin you doing you
really want to choke around trouble
you're Restless I mean it's all fake
anyways it was fate when I am running
off the Pirates in my body there's
nothing Benz both ways
well that's nothing you should seize
calm sorry
penis you should seize penis for huge
fans thank you so much
what advice would you give us we want to
be the next Hugh what are your names
good - what's your names are you walk
around here interrupting the rock here's
the rock - biceps your mouth straight
out of the trailblazing eyebrow-raising
entertaining the glove never hotter tuck
it into rejects from Harry Potter
thanks Wayne got it
welcome to the tryouts you gotta have
the skills and you have to have the
spark my name is Jerry Lynn and I am
going to blow you excuse me out of the
water yeah I put it together let's speak
of one of course sometimes some of these
girls just want to get famous like
cheerleaders models I was a model
alright cheerleader see you later
I have no idea who I'm supposed to be
out there you're not just doing this
view you're doing it for the family
Paige I myself have come from a
wrestling family too I know exactly what
it means to you so don't worry about
being the next me be the first you
darling
I love you Robin Robin I love you too
love your accent
thank you so sexy I am so jealous of you
right now
[Music]